Adding an AlmaLinux Day and SIGGRAPH blog post - and moving ALD:LA to past event (#1105)
AlmaLinux/almalinux.org: content/blog/2026-07-28-aldla-recap.md

---
title: "AlmaLinux Day: LA & SIGGRAPH Recap"
type: blog
author:
  name: "benny Vasquez"
  bio: "Chair, board of directors"
  image: /users/benny.jpeg
date: "2026-07-28"
images:
  - /blog-images/2026/2026-07-28-aldla-recap.png
post:

>   title: "AlmaLinux Day: LA brought about 40 people into a room full of animation studios, VFX houses, and the cloud and silicon vendors that support them. Here's how the day went, and how the following week at SIGGRAPH went, where we showed AlmaLinux running across a range of Lenovo and AMD hardware."

Author: ```suggestion
  title: "AlmaLinux Day: LA brought together a group of animation studios and VFX houses, with the cloud and silicon vendors that support them. Here's how the day went, and how the following week at SIGGRAPH went, where we showed AlmaLinux running across a range of Lenovo and AMD hardware."
```

{{< figure src="/blog-images/2026/2026-07-28-aldla-registration.jpg" width="45%" class="text-center" alt="David Duncan standing behind a table of AlmaLinux swag" caption="David Duncan staffing at the registration desk." >}}

Lunch was onsite and so, so tasty. We had a fantastic partner in the folks at E-Central Hotel, and I cannot thank them enough for their flexibility and generousity as hosts for our event.

{{< figure src="/blog-images/2026/2026-07-28-aldla-lunch.jpg" width="45%" class="text-center" alt="Lunch served onsite at AlmaLinux Day: LA" caption="Lunch onsite, courtesy of our hosts at the E-Central Hotel." >}}

At the end of the day, Tristan talked me into offering to take everyone who could join us out for drinks and snacks to keep the conversations going. We had a great time connecting more deeply with some of our attendees, and even picked up some friends while we were waiting for the table!

> {{< figure src="/blog-images/2026/2026-07-28-aldla-dinner.jpg" width="45%" class="text-center" alt="Attendees over drinks and snacks after AlmaLinux Day: LA" caption="Our new besties at the cloest place that could suddenly take 15 people." >}}

Author: ```suggestion
{{< figure src="/blog-images/2026/2026-07-28-aldla-dinner.jpg" width="45%" class="text-center" alt="Attendees over drinks and snacks after AlmaLinux Day: LA" caption="Our new besties at the closest place that could suddenly take 15 people." >}}
```
